{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 So what I'm doing right now is I'm just going to start the recording because you mentioned that you're okay with us just recording just to make sure I'm saying everything correctly, right? Okay, awesome. Just letting you know that's turned on so you're not worried about that. But all right, just we're going to just talk through the daily checker. This is just for us to make sure that you're feeling okay. Okay. And I think Jules was here with you this morning. She's probably she probably asked you already right? Okay, so let's go ahead and just wrap. Then you're all set for today. And my daughter has a pump for my daughter's spring, um, um, loose verse. Yes. Okay. She knows everything. Yes. Well, I'm here to help you out with whatever you want to do. So I know that you might, is there some medication that you need to take right now or no? Not right now. Not right now. Perfect. I personally take it. Okay. Um, because I don't, I can't. Oh. I never have able to get over we finally have green medical things and not almost no problems until this gift God got to go and so so I kept you know they they were saying to me you know this uh the last few weeks um you wanted to do this this this and this and i said lisa i'm not going to do that because i said i can't yeah because they were what they were doing or how they do it i don't know exactly but then they have to teach them somebody's got to throw it down and throw. And I can't. I just I I'm afraid to do it. Number one, I've never been sick. So I don't know how How to be sick. And so we tried and we tried to get it like this and like that. I cannot not, I'm not going to even try anymore. You're going to have to put whoever you want wherever you want it. I don't care. But I can't do it. And so I would do more harm than good. That's good that you know that. That's a good thing to know. So usually if Lisa has been here and she's been in for a couple of days now that they were here but they'll you know they'll take the medicine gotcha for like i guess whoever's okay whoever's here yeah and then um and i think also just i just try to ignore those things but i think everything um that i think she she now totally knows about understands what I'm trying to say and she has got some things and you can talk as much as you want so that you can tell her perfect sounds like a plan that's the main thing that got me I can't do it I know I'm the same way I don't like pills that are a little too big I don't like pills that are too small I know. And it's like, I can't. You want me to do it here? Or do you want me to do it over here? Yep. It's too big. It looks too much for me. And probably I'm too big. I'm too much for me. Yeah, it's too much. So that has helped me a lot. Because somebody else, and I think it's usually somebody else. Okay. And they all seem to know what to do. It's just fine. Okay. Perfect. As long as someone's handling it. And you've taken yours for today, so you're set, right? I'm sorry, no. You've taken your medication for today? Or is it later this evening? Okay. We can take it later. I don't think so. Okay. Because I had to go out to my club. Gotcha. This morning. And then we came back, and then we went to lunch, yeah so I don't think we've done anything okay no worries at all I think I will just make sure we get that done just so you are covered for today and let me just double check to see where they would be yeah yeah yeah and you said you normally take them in the evening right so a little later and what now you take your medication later in the evening yeah okay so wonderful wonderful I'll work with your schedule I would just talk to Lisa when you need me. For sure. For sure. And let's see. Oh, there it is. It's over here. Wonderful. It's like that. Okay. And this, I think, doesn't, but I'm not telling you. I mean, I'm not telling you to even think about it, but it is working in this. Got it. I don't trust it because I've never messed with it. Uh-huh. So. We'll figure it. We'll handle it. Let me take a look just to make sure. Oh, Lisa left it out. Okay. Do you want to go watch some TV? Okay. I can get settled. I'll just make sure. Do you have time? I mean, do you, would you rather like kind of work around? Yes. Is that easier for you? Is that better for you? I want to work with whatever is easiest for you. So if you want to spend some time together, we can do that. I'm happy to just clean up whenever you want me to be out of your hair. I don't want to be in your way. Okay. Well, I don't, I can't, I really can't help you. No, no, no. At all. No, you don't have to. You know. And I'm happy to just visit with you. Sure. Yeah. And then get to know you a little better. Absolutely. And then we can, we can put the medicine down a little bit. Yeah. That will be whenever we're ready. tonight for going somewhere. Are you going? I'm not going. I'm here until 8. I'm here until 8. Plenty of time. Do whatever you want. Do you want to give me a quick tour? I'd love to see your house. I'd be glad to do that. Wonderful. I'm just so stuck by how beautiful your home thank you and it is um i i just love it yes i just completely understand and i'm working very hard um to stay here yes we're gonna do all the care for it but and and it's um i think it'll work yes um but that's that's what i want yes yeah we'll make sure it works so let's see we might as well start along that sounds good and I guess you can just go down and back and that'll give you an idea sometimes sometimes those white things. That's not the right one. Is it one of these here? There we go. There we go. This one over here. And we'll go out this end and come back. Okie dokie. Alright, this is my bedroom. And this is where my husband and I live. Gotcha. There. And so that was great. And we had this room. And this is what goes with that. Oh, is that your daughter's wedding day? Mm-hmm. Oh, how lovely. Oh, no, it's not. It's my granddaughter's. Oh, there's two of them. There's two of them. And they're not married yet. Oh, gotcha. Oh, they're beautiful. They really are. I just can't I'm happy to bag about them. And where do they live? What? Your granddaughters. They're in Lisa a daughter and they are in Springfield. They're all in Springfield. She's a nurse. Oh, okay. And she's in there. And their next one, the sister, is just starting to go. She's about two to three years older than this one. And she's just getting her first house and things like that. Wow, big step. She's very excited because Jane, or the one of them, the nurse, she's been up and running for a long time. Wow. But, yeah. But that's one of them. Oh. And there's some others all along. Yeah. I'll ask when I see more photos. Yeah, that's right. Never forget. Yes. And then, yeah. ah is where um my husband and i spent a long time because he didn't have we only had one tv i think and so and that he used that for his office god so that's that's what was going on here and he's spending his time at church and at the activities and just the love of just loving do like whatever he wants to do yeah and it's always good good so he's that's where he stayed pretty much now and then that was our bed that's our office god but after he passed away soon move back into another space it's hard to just watch totally all the time and um and we and we just can we can see you know it's like after 40 50 years it's it's on the yeah it's on your heart yeah so but that's just so then we just came and had um we just turned this into whoever wants to go anyone who needs an office who needs a space and then this one you're going to love everybody loves you what's not to like this is your star that is the star oh extraordinary it's amazing yeah and we built that and several years ago mm-hmm when we added some battle yeah I'm listening about a very new build and I know that I Lisa I think once it's good if they could do the laundry absolutely okay um let me just double-check where is your laundry down right here oh wonderful do you have any dirty clothes do you want me to run the laundry or do you want me to just fold the clothes well I think if you if you go ahead and wash wash it I didn't have many but I was had it a couple times last time that I didn't get it and get it in the right place got it okay okay I'll prioritize it I'll get the laundry and this is just you know what you have a bathroom and stuff like that and not all like that yes the back and Jill's mistake beautiful and this is the toilet up here right right here and then yes closet here perfect and that and the clothes the little clothes I have I think is that is all absolutely and then I'm watching just basic for sure and it goes or do you want me to grab these towels too since they're there yeah that would be great i don't know sure about that fine i got it this um and then you know the toilet in there and then it has to be washed okay but um that since the last it's very easy to do but i got it kind of twisted up so i thought well I'll just buy my bullet and do it. We'll do it. Yeah. I'll do it. Yeah. Yeah. All right. So laundry, I'll do the, I'll do the bathroom. I'll put this aside. We'll finish the tour first and I'll get started. Okay. All right. Thank you so much. Oh my gosh. Of course. It's my pleasure. And this, I just, I sleep here now. Mm-hmm. That's what I do. And that's all that you can tell. It's just whatever. Mm-hmm. Yeah. and then it's so very cozy a lot of fun stuff in here yeah so um and that's that's just up there for what do you like what do you do this much you know you have to space right And then there's another room. Mm-hmm. And it won't need anything because right now nobody's living in there. Gotcha. And so there's nothing to be done. Okay. So that's fine. Would you like me to change your sheets as well or no need for now? Well, maybe not for this room, but for your bed. Yeah. Yeah? Okay, great. Okay. And it hasn't been very long. hate to do it just after oh okay three times okay if you don't want to we don't have to do it just checking yeah I think that was pretty recent just well though okay okay okay we can skip that and if it if not I can do it the next time yes Let us know they quit too soon and that is still that's great but but they're that's your seat and I think it's why not yeah this is very comfortable yes alright I'm assuming this bathroom also cleaning I'll also clean it just for the toilet because there's nothing nobody uses this the only thing that's used is this I'll just put this on so it's red just so you can see the whole thing I mean how bright it is if I turn it it's like a fun thing there we go but I eat this little thing right here because it's not when I'm not here and stuff like that but that's just a normal thing good to know and um the toilet um you can figure that out like kind of like the other stuff okay okay and then um Their kitchen's very tidy. At all. Yeah. And this has some, just some two things you can see along the way. And then you can just kind of see what this, now this just stays here because I'm starting to try to get a lot more of these little, what are they called? Little protein bars? Yeah. Because I wasn't eating them. Have you had any today yet? I have. Okay, great. Yeah, good job. Yeah, and So and I just leave these like this because I Come by I never really knew anything about that. Mm-hmm Mm-hmm my whole life and so then they started getting me on this and my son-in-law started talking to me and I got Okay. I guess it's in her try. Yeah. So it's helped. It really has helped us. That's really good. I don't know if it's just my imagination, but I think it's helped. If you feel different, if you feel better, that's working. Yeah. Yeah. More energy, just more able to move around. Right. Even if you don't get what you were hoping to get, it'll still be better. Yes. Yeah. Yes. I'm glad you've had one today and I'm glad you're enjoying them. Oh, I am too. It's an easy way to get your protein. There's nothing out on the porch. Okay. I mean, you can do what you want. I mean, you don't have to do anything. It just got finished from the finishing up today on there. Got it. Okay. And I have downstairs. you don't need to do anything there because no one lives there. Okay. I have a niece that comes in every once in a while. But this is an area I think is what everybody is interested in. Sounds good. And whatever else you can think of, I'll run it by you. But I think we've got lots to do. Okay. Well, let me think. What would you like to do? Do you want to watch some TV? Do you want some tea? Do you want to drink something anything? I just like to watch TV. Wonderful. I am the laziest person in the world. If I could watch TV all day, I would be too. I'm just going to do it. Just here lately. Okay. The last two or three days because my kids were out there and so they gave me those little some stuff i chew on and everything okay and so i want to be sure i keep going okay and then um you can whatever if you would not mind just taking an eyeball at the kitchen yes and um i have because you haven't I haven't had dinner yet, have you? What? Have you had dinner yet? No, but I had, it's too, I had late. You had a late lunch? Yeah, lunch. Okay. I am so stuck. With your lunch at the protein bars? I don't need any more food. Okay. Okay. And so this is where I pick up different things, and things, if you see anything that needs be put out already okay and it's all basically pretty new because that's where Lisa and them were yeah and I thank you god this is my great-granddaughter you're great you have a great-granddaughter Jan you do not look old enough to have a great-granddaughter and um that she was teaching me the other day or something oh and then you can like thank and judge what's ready and ready. And I don't think there's much to be taken out because I try not to keep that in much. But I know several of these and you'll be able to tell that. You can tell that you can to just turn it into whatever will work for you. That's new because Rob just got that for me. Gotcha. And so and just whatever okay, and then we got this I don't drink milk I haven't had any Except for somebody poured it down my throat You know I We were talking about my day Drinking still like it like yeah, and and so Rob said well Okay, then we're gonna have to put some of that other stuff over there to get your strength back or whatever Yeah, it is protein. What happened? so we've got and that this is just And I just had this been using it for a Couple of days eating you because I cleaned it off. Yes, then okay, but that's that's pretty new Okay, is this protein bar from this morning? Yes. Okay Yeah and then I have This brand That do you want to keep this or are we throwing those are you recycling it? I've got one That I'm what holding so I would know where it was. Got it. Yeah that's all all fine and so I know I can tell by this the way you do this that you know exactly what I what you need to do for me I don't have to I know what I know what to do and but I'm happy to do whatever else you want me to do okay that's the most and what you think you've been outside already today right several times okay yeah because the weather is beautiful we were just starting to go and go out and get some flowers and just about the third thing it started raining yeah it's had the way uh but i'll i'll take the rain over the heat which hasn't come yet so hopefully right i hope summer is not too hot this time around now is there anything else that would be helpful to you or make your life easier oh my gosh jan that's sweet I think I'm all set I know I'll get the laundry started so it can run while I clean everything else up and then I'll come watch TV with you I'll double check to make sure I've got everything completed I'll just read through this and I'll read through to make sure that I'm doing everything Lisa wants me to do as well but if at any point you want something to drink you want some tea you want some water or you want more juice just let me know I'll come grab it for you oh okay great thank you so much I'll just be in that where the TV is. Yes. Is it on the white channel? I think it is right now. Okay. Yeah. I'll just double check. Because I want to make sure you're watching something good. And let's see here. Oh, we've got Hallmark movies. Oh, yes. That's how I live. Oh, my God. I grew up watching all the Christmas Hallmark movies. Oh, that's classic. My biggest fear is they're going to, I won't be able to get it back up. And then I won't be able to do anything. Oh, no. We'll make sure it stays on. You will be fine. Thank you. All right. Do you have enough air? Do you want me to turn the, are you hot, cold, anything like that? It's a little, I'm pretty cold. You're cold? Okay. But I'm not really cold right now. Okay, good. I'll show you where the... Okay. Yeah, normally I am just like, and Bob, oh my gosh, he's crazy. Away with it. Same. And I did do it. But here's the... Perfect. And I've got it on. And I've had that on today. So I think maybe that... But if you need to do anything else, just help yourself. that machine okay sounds good i'm all set as long as you're comfortable you're not too cold not too warm okay yes and did we talk about what's in the laundry you know what's what has to be washed i mean so you have your shirts and we have the towels is there anything else uh yeah i had some little underwear and stuff like that yeah i think it's in here let me take look thank you for checking is it already inside no not yet not yet and it's all very small things and then you were said that the towels got your shirt yeah and I know that big thing is is 20 okay yeah okay that one is done and if If you need, you know what the detergent, yep. You know what that is. Your Tide Pods. Yeah. So. Awesome. All right. Well, you said you had some other little things you wanted me to wash. Some underwear, anything? I don't know. So you've got the towel. So if not, these are what I'm planning to wash. Anything else? Oh, these? Yes. Okay. And the towel. of that and I don't I don't think that I can I can't think of anything right now because I try to keep it watched pretty quickly but these are different kinds but they're almost they're not off the tack and there's nothing on there that has to be separated out okay got it got it all the same all right let me do one more i'll do a loop and i'll check just to make sure i'm not missing anything um yep these all look clean um are these to be washed or no um well you know what not all of this but these little which ones i've got on i wear these things all the time they are comfortable and um and and it can go right into that same washer okay thing uh the white one uh nobody uses it it just stays there in case you in case you need it got it all right this one we can put another one on okay yeah so should i wash um are we leaving the white ones um yeah let's see usually just have on black all the black ones here too yeah but if you if you see anything that looks like it should but now these these kind of things they're all around the lane but they're i don't ever use them you know because i i don't wear a bra anymore and it's um so if you see any like blacks or anything that looked like something might happen. Yeah, but that and this is going nowhere. What about this cardigan? Do you want to put it up or just the thing? The reason it looks like that is this is torn and I knew it and it has been and this is the one that I wear at home when it gets too cold. and that's what it's for now I do clear it out but that's why and Lisa and this doesn't look quite right there now because but I had to get something the other day and I couldn't find it right away and I didn't want it at that moment anyway so few more under there. She hasn't done any of them yet because they were nothing but tap. Okay. Got it. And I think I can just wash that. All of those that look like they're like I say this one I never wear. Okay. So we can leave that. I can't see myself with the white and then the too much black. So I don't know. Whatever that is. And all of these are just very easy. Easy. Easy, easy. I'll add these to the lot. But everything else looks great. I don't think we're, yeah. I don't think there's anything else that needs to be washed. There's something else that's good. Absolutely. Yeah. Does this need to be washed or just put up? Can we wash those? For sure. And they're all very easy. Absolutely, yeah. Do you want me to hand wash anything? Oh, no? Okay, okay. Just making sure. In case it's delicate, I know what clothes can be like. And there are... they're clean laundry okay and it's basically the underwear and this is all clean and perfect and the same here excepting that i have some older ones but i keep them like over here just in case you need you know something in case you need extra i know what that's like okay that's that's about all there is perfect all right so i've got was there pilates yeah twice a week yeah those that must feel really good yeah okay so we've got these clothes i've got those clothes i've got those towels okay i think i'm all set to get started let's get you that is just amazing i i can't believe you're doing that of course oh my goodness thank you you are so welcome all right let's get you on tv so that i can get this started and give me a shout if you need anything but i'll come by if i need if i have questions but we're defining stuff okay great all right thank you for sure all right let's get this go away oh and this is not it's not it's not on i mean it's not running but sometimes in the winter yes a good shooter i leave it but i never leave it anywhere good yeah i just never have but i keep it there but it's never had any problem good and good and that is right over here and this is the big thing so i i nobody's given any trouble about that wonderful so yeah i'll i'll just make sure yeah oh yeah it's totally fine it's totally fine it won't get okay okay okay all right let's get started all right i'll see you in a bit um okay Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Wonderful. Thank you. Thank you. Do you want me to run your dishwasher for you? Your dishwasher. Do you have any dishes you want me to do, or are those all for me? I think there are some. Okay. Okay, should I run it or do you want to wait for more dishes to go in? No, I don't need to like to have it clean. Have it clean? Done. Okay, I'll go to the one. I did not do it but... That's what a dishwasher is for. Alright, I'll go ahead and run it then. Is there anything else you want me to put in it? That's fine. I'll just take it to the kitchen then. Alright, I'll start the dishwasher. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. okay Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Are you good with water? Do you need more water or anything like that? No, I think I have some right over here. Oh, wonderful. Where is your day planner? Do you happen to know where your day planner is, your day timeline? My what now? Your schedule for tomorrow. Do you have a planner, a book? Oh. Like for Lisa to use? Yes. Okay. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Have you called her on the phone? Not yet. She left a note saying that she just wanted us to look through to make sure you know what's going on tomorrow. Yeah. The best, easiest thing. And she likes to work at the best because she likes to do it herself. Yes. So if you want to just give her. For sure. Just call her. Okay. And somebody's calling her all the time. Wonderful. So just get it right. Okay. very easy and just tell it and after anything that sounds good sounds good and that makes it a whole lot easier maybe these are for you oh i actually okay i think actually it's right here really okay okay your pilates was this morning right gotcha okay well this is the planner right perfect okay all right yours you've got the weekend free what are you gonna do yeah i love it i get a lot of yeah good all right um laundry started got the bathroom cleaned up got the second bathroom cleaned up a little bit too dishwasher is on anything else you can help with up to you anything for you to chill i i can hang out here with you i can hang outside okay and and is everything already cleaned i just need to look i just need to do one more deep clean of the bathrooms so let's go look for the cleaning supplies but everything else the laundry and the dishwasher is running so fast just the laundry and dishwasher i'm going to do the bathrooms again yeah okay yeah okay well do you would you like to just no visit or would you like to go get in touch with lisa i'll give lisa a call and double check okay all right i'll let you know if i run into trouble Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I will do it with you so if you want to do it we can do it together if I'm time I'll do it up to you okay don't fold everything you got it you got it Jan Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. um Thank you. Thank you. I'm going to go ahead and start the recording um um Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Is that your phone? Is that your phone? Where is it coming from? It's from right up here. We're going to go with it. Let me, I think it might be back in your bedroom. Let me take a look. I hear it. uh oh I Oh, the very clever phone. One night. Hello. Hey, how are you? That's it. What did you say? Okay. what what are my never what are they for tomorrow okay okay okay okay okay that would have to worry about uh times and stuff well and and this uh lovely lady that's here at my house now sorry i'm replacing ashley for today i'm eunice hi lisa just push you right off and oh hello oh hi sorry this is eunice from woven you're totally fine yeah i'm subbing in for her my name is eunice oh she's one she's wonderful she's just doing all kinds of wonderful things oh okay You don't have to be, you know, you can stay modest and dressed until that's done. But I know you were a little leery of trying it again. Okay. So that's why Eunice is there for those kinds of things to help. Okay. So, you know, you can just explain that you're going to go take a shower. But if you have trouble turning that shower off or on. Can I take a shower tomorrow? Well, you can, but I don't think you took one yesterday. Well, sometimes I don't take three. Is that crazy? Oh, okay. Yeah. Just, just tell me what you need me to do. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Sure. Absolutely. Yep. What should I know? Oh no. Okay. Got it. So once you pull it out and the water turns, she uses that hand sprayer. Okay. You adjust the lever for the temperature she wants, but to turn it off, you push it back in. Okay, so pull it to turn it on, push it back in to turn it off, and the lever is to control the temperature. Okay. Believe it or not, that's my shower too. Yes. So I know how that's going to work. Okay. I had to hop in there the other day because crazy thing. I didn't, it took me forever to figure it out. So thank you so much. You are so welcome. I'll test it out to make sure that I know what to do. But Jane, if you feel like a, if you feel like a shower today, we can do that today. If not, we can do that tomorrow. Okay. Okay. Thank you. For sure. Lisa. Um, I hope so. As long as on Fridays, I can do Fridays. So we can make Fridays work. Okay. Great. All right. Well, God, you had a stellar day. You all can do that. I know. I'm telling you. I'm just getting really good. Tell Rob that stuff he's put for me to eat is helping, I think. The protein bars, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, God. Okay. Well, I'll either, I will either do this tonight or tomorrow or whatever that's good with her because it doesn't matter really to me. I just was hanging out around. Okay. All right. Okay. And I don't have to, I don't have to answer anything in the morning, do I? I'll answer you when you call. Yeah, I said go answer the door for Rod. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Ladies. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I just remembered that you had told me that. At about 9 o'clock or something like that? That's correct. Okay. Okay, great. Okay, love you. All right. Love you. Thank you. You're welcome. Oh Does she call you every night? No, oh no, so today's a special day Just been doing so many things gotcha yeah, I never did No never did have that and well, I I It looks great. And I saw your your little your your round brushes. So I'm like, blow dry it. Yeah. Yeah. Well, what do you what do you have to do to right now? You've got things to do. I am. I actually just finished the bathrooms. So I'm keeping an eye on the laundry, but I think that should take a while. I think the dishwasher is running. I think most of the cleaning things are done I think so yeah unless you want me to change the sheets or vacuum anything like that okay okay so what I can do is I can see if I can figure out the shower and if so if you feel like taking a shower today we can do that if not you can do that tomorrow so I'm just going to make sure that I know how to use it because it's funny I pretty well know how to do this because it's mine yeah it was and I know what happened oh well the laundry's done it won't take I am I'm real sensitive about up to you with nobody and so I think would it be okay that I can just hurry up and take a shower only if you want to only if you want to trust me just let me do that do you mind doing that for sure I can pretty much do that but if I I just don't want to Jen I understand you can hop in if it if only if you have trouble with it just let me know okay and then I'll come if not I'll leave you alone all right and let me just run the dryer and okay is there anything I can help you with with the shower do you want to take a shower now or do you want to take it later well you know I might as well just do it now okay you say that like it's a bad thing then I won't have to worry about do I have somebody to yes yes okay okay so um get your ready yet? Surprisingly yes it's done. So let me go ahead and start the dryer and then I'll leave you to it but if it goes same place I mean you can do that and the shower at the same time. That is true. Do you want me to turn on the water now or? Well maybe it may be better because if I go ahead and get in there and it can't work yeah and get it you got it all right i'll start the dryer so we can kill two birds with one stone and do you have your towels and your are you changing okay great got it and do you want to change into a different set of clothes a night gown what are you what are you thinking oh i'm sorry what did you do you want what do you want to change into after your shower oh i wonder what i'm going to change into um i think i'm going to change into yeah we can get that laid out I can just can you not get that it is tough it is it's hard to get it I can do it we there we go okay all right let me see your shower and um all of those those are your towels okay great lisa said you use this hand shower right okay you're all set let me make sure how warm do you like the water to be I just just cook a good and warm. Warm? Okay not hot. I get you. Let me make sure. okay okay this is this feel i'm just trying to make it not too hot okay oh so it gets hot really fast and you you know however you think that Okay, okay, yeah, it just it goes from cold to hot How to find the perfect middle ground Okay It's a little bit hot for me It is working it's just a little hotter than I would want yeah Okay, okay this seems Now it's getting cold really fast. Oh, yeah Do you know what time you'd normally like it about here? See this feels almost like blue. I mean almost blue almost oh see so this is dripping down yeah and it's hot yeah it's quite hot which is why i'm a little bit worried and i think this will cut into it i believe turn it this way i'm gonna be like up there yeah okay okay this feels okay to me but let me just as long as this feels okay to you too okay all right let me get the light frame yeah that's what happened let's have a little light back here in the party there we go Yep, let me push that. All right. Yeah. Okay, I think the water's a good temperature. Let me know if it's too hot, but you know how to do it. Yeah. Give me a shout if you need any help. Yeah, I know that the big one is dripping, but I think it's just not fully going through. Okay, as long as it's not too hot. Yes. And cold. Or cold. Yeah. Yeah, this feels great to me. But yes, it feels good. Okay. Do you want to give it a touch just to make sure while I'm here? I'll just keep the slide. Okay. Okay. Okay. Give it a feel just to make sure. I gotcha. I gotcha. Where did you go? A little further. Okay. That's good. And a little to your right. Yep. That's kind of hot. It's too hot? Okay. Let me lower. I'll cool it down. Okay. I'll cool it down. Okay. Whatever. Let me get this light on for you because I'm sure. Okay. Okay, it's cooling down a little. Did it take a moment? Not yet. Let me give you one second. Is it this light here? Oh, there we go. Okay. Oh, that's a bit better. And I will turn. Where is that? Okay, do whatever you need to. Okay, I've made it a little cooler. let me know that's okay I okay perfect okay okay yes and that should be better a little bit cooler the lights on I'll close this door okay close the door or I can I just step out just just step out okay okay just give me a shout if you need anything. All right. For sure. I'll be right out here. Thank you. Thank you. All good? Good. Okay. Thank you. Testing. Testing, testing. Cool. Okay, so I'm going to go ahead and start the test. Thank you. Thank you. Wow. I admire you. I want you to know that. Thank you. All good? Yeah. I didn't get this thing to try to. But this is all clean. Wonderful! This I just have to put some shampoo on it. Okay. and I will and it got the lip stuff on here oh so I think I'm good all right yeah shower was all good yeah the water was good okay did it look okay the water yes oh good I heard it go right off oh perfect okay and um I if I um yeah and i can clean that are you sure i don't even are you sure i can put i'll put everything away just to help you out well um the all of them you can hang up the towels yeah let's do that okay put more in the laundry in the laundry we can do that yeah for sure and then i'll put Oh and the cleaning lady is coming tomorrow. Oh, okay. So she'll clean this. Got it. Okay. Don't have to worry about that. And they'll do it. They're for me forever and ever. Okay. And so I'll just show them. Are you cold? No. Okay. Okay, okay, I'm just trying to shiver a little. A little bit of a cold right there. But I had to get out. Oh, yeah, all I have to do now that I remember she's coming, she'll clean the inside of that like she always does. Thank you so much. You are most welcome, Dan. Oh, gosh, I'm going to sit here a little bit and do the hair. Okay. yeah do you want to help you with that i can help i can hold the blow dryer i can i can manage that yeah you've done this your whole life thank you so much you are welcome i'm gonna be just right out here so if you need anything okay give me a shout okay okay thank you you got it um Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. jam just checking in are we all good yeah i'm just trying to put a um hair my hair yep yeah are y'all done i am oh great thank you so much i really appreciate that yeah i'm still here i'm hanging out for a couple more hours don't worry oh for a couple more hours Yes, I'm here until 8. So we have one and a half more hours. Oh, okay. Can you mind drying this? You bet. I was doing that. Now I have I assume that's Oh, careful. one or two things in between we'll just you it'll just be tonight okay for I because I don't know what happens when I don't have that okay well this is the shampoo so you've already shampooed right? This is the shampoo for your hair? That's the shampoo. Okay, so you've already used the shampoo on your hair just now? Yeah, I'm just going to get this off like this a little bit. Okay. Because this one, I have this one and that other one, and it's one of those kind of things, like which one is the best. Which one's the best? And so this is the one I use. Okay. I think I think what would be easiest is just do this one. Okay. Like this. And then put some of that on there. To wash it? To uh no don't wash. Oh so just um um yeah this stuff. Yeah let me take a let me see I think you might be you might have another bottle because this here is shampoo so this is for washing and you have to rinse it off with water later so oh okay you did just now i think you i know what you're talking about though so let me see if you can find it oh yeah you probably have another thing that you put in your hair right um let's see i always i always use this this thing and the other but then when i'm doing that uh-huh still you're like now right now i didn't put that extra one i just put it shampooed gotcha and that that's not is this what you use well as i do partially just about like this okay because it helps with some of this stuff yeah i don't care if you don't mind helping me you got it just tell Tell me what you want me to use. We're not going to use that one because it's shampoo. Sorry, that big bottle over there. So that's shampoo. So if we used it, you would have to rinse off again. Oh, no. I don't want to do that. I'll just go ahead and run this dryer, and you can hold on to that mirror. Okay. Do you have a little chair? Something that you normally sit on? I have a little stool. Okay. Oh, that's too high for you. That's for you to sit on, Jan. That's not going to be comfortable, I don't think. Just so you sit down. Okay, let's use this. Why don't you? I'll bring this here. There you go. I'll scoot over right behind you. And so you can sit down and I'll blow dry your hair like they do in the hair salon. Can I put some shampoo? That's only if you want to wash your hair again. Yeah. Right now? You probably, you already did that, right? So we don't have to do that again. Okay. Okay. So, and then you can just kind of make it dry. - Make it dry, yes. That's exactly what I'm gonna do. - You are welcome. - Oh. - Make it a lot bigger. There's two things in there. Well, I think that turned it off, but let me try. There we go. It's there and then it's there. Let me know if it gets too hot, okay? Thank you. You are welcome. oh we're doing something yeah i know it's just cranky does this happen all the time um every every so often okay oh that's frustrating let me see maybe here okay keep an eye on it this way when you go to church on sunday it's gonna be good It's going to be good. I don't want to use it in months. And of course, when I... The days and stuff that I don't do it, it's like, "Oh, it looks terrible." because you've been done it. Yeah. You've had, messed with it for a long time and then I'm like, uh-oh. You still look in the mirror, oh no. Oh no, what have I done? I looked at the other, the kind I was up there with, you know, and I said, and I held him like, you know, I'm not sure all of this is necessary because I think a lot of it your work yeah it's up to the stylist yeah and he is good yeah where do you go to get your hair cut right up by um 30 minutes away oh wow you go quite a way away but i have had this guy for years and he just does the best job he knows what you like you know you know their hair he knows how to do it yes i mean i think i haven't had just this hair really in my hair uh-huh hair dressers they have their magic There are so many lotions and potions and they know exactly where it's supposed to go. Yeah. I do not. You are so welcome. Really? And you're sure you're so full from lunch? I'm really full. Okay. Okay. Just making sure. Yeah. Where'd you go? Okay, so two more ways away too. Do you remember what you had? We had, she had sandwiches, but much bigger sandwiches. Oh. And they had other things under the sandwiches. Uh-huh. And I had, um, they had, um, chicken. Yeah, chicken. Chicken was one of the things. Okay. And they were really nice together. Got it. And I'm telling you, I had that. Even just some other stuff was good. Got it. Yeah, I can see why you're so full. Yeah. Sounds like a lot. Just got to make sure because the last thing I want is for you to be hungry at night. That's right. Yeah, it's the worst feeling. It is, yeah. And did you have some fruit this morning? Did I have what? Some fruit. I did. Good. But I need another one of the fruit. Do you want some more? Yeah. Because you do have two more little cups of fruit. Yeah, that's what I like. Good. Okay, okay, yeah, all right. Good. Yes, we can do a little. Yeah, for sure. Because I looked at them. They look good. So I didn't want to throw them out, even though they've been there for a day or two. They're still, they look fine. Yeah, okay, okay. Yeah, they still look really good. Sorry, is it too hot? No. Okay, good. I'm not sure. But look at this, your hair just falls into place on its own. This is so great. Is that okay? Yeah. I mean, I don't have to go outside. Yes. You don't need all the stuff. It just works on its own. So I think Lisa mentioned that you traveled a lot growing up. Yeah. I traveled. I traveled. uh-huh uh-huh wow wow wow I just went to work. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. um wow a safari I just remember almost every feeling, space, and world. I wish I could remember. Oh. I mean, I think it's really exciting. Uh-huh. But, oh, my goodness. But you remember the feeling. The feeling. And so I, whatever it really was, I wanted. Mm-hmm. I did. Mm-hmm. And then we just kind of put it. Yeah? Yeah. Wow I'll be there. We'll see. It's just something that I could never talk about. I would be like, where are you? I'm getting the question now. Yeah. Gosh, so for you so far, you must have been out in Kenya, out in Africa. Yeah. Wow. Yes, that's so exciting. Oh, gosh. That's on my bucket list. That's on my bucket list. I think it will. I think it will do. Do you have a favorite place that you've been to? Ever. Okay. Ever. Anywhere. yeah i know it's really a lot yeah do you have photos wonderful family oh it sounds like all of you had a really really incredible time we really did and mom and dad um went about four times just because four times to the safari never heard of anyone doing safari four times yeah that they are one piece of cake and so wonderful for everybody that is marvelous all right how's your hair feeling looking good looking great thank you You are welcome. Thank you so much for doing that. You are so welcome. Wait. Whatever we can do to help. No such thing. It's way over. All right. Those are dirty clothes, right? Do you want to put them in the laundry? Might as well. Yeah. So let's throw in there. So Roz is the cleaner coming tomorrow, right? Yeah. Okay. And does she do laundry or no? Do I do what? Does Roz do the laundry for you as well? No. No? Okay, got it. I don't care to do that. Okay. Then whoever, I think, your weaver comes in tomorrow, they can do it too, if you need to. If you need to. And she gets everything, but she doesn't do things like that. Oh, God. Makes sense. I'll send it away. all right we got the laundry and it sounds like the dryer is done your washer and dryer is real fast and i you don't have to oh it needs to go for it okay yeah well yeah we can leave that so that until wait till we get a full load all right one two couple of minutes this big thing is still pretty dry so pretty dry okay but this one i think is fine okay anything else in your life all right let me bring this chair back yeah all right so i'm taking the chair away from behind you all right so don't sit down i'll put it back i'll put it back in the closet it. Oh, right. And these towels down here, let me, I'll go ahead and drape them over the glass so they can dry. All right. Oh, okay. Sure. And they can be washed whenever. Okay. I think you're really sorry that you ever found me. What are you talking about? I have no idea what I'm going to do with all of that. Oh, my gosh. No, I am here to honestly just spend time with you. And if there are things I can do to help, that's what I'm here for. Thank you so much. You are so welcome. So your cardigan here, I can hang it up or we can put it in the laundry. What are you thinking? Put it in the washer? Oh, yeah. Wait, is that what you said? I can hang it back up or we can put it in the laundry. Yeah, just hang it back up. Just hang it up. That's fine. You got it. Okay, we did it. I'll put your hair dryer back underneath the cabinet right here. Does it go underneath? OK, perfect. I'm going to. Yeah, can I find something for you? Oh, no. I've got all these places around. I can just slide in. Perfect. All right. I'll let you handle that. You can do your thing. I'll put this back here. Your shower's coming off. OK. Wonderful. Thank you. Jan did you say you wanted some fruits? yes oh very fancy you're going to go back out alright I turned down your TV but if you want to watch TV again I'll turn it back off so just let me know but I'll go ahead and grab some fruits for you Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. hello oh okay Okay. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Are we all good? I bet people think, "What is she doing?" I mean, does she not be me? Don't know what she's doing? I think you look great. You look ready to go out. Do you want to eat your fruit here? Or in the kitchen? Up to you. you um are you gonna have something to eat I'm okay I had a late lunch I had an even later lunch I ate just before I leave the light on make sure everybody knows. All right. I know you said you're full, so don't feel pressured to finish it. If you are, okay. But if you do want more, we have a lot of fruit. You have a lot of fruit. Yeah. Okay. So if you want more fruit. Okay. More. Is this loud enough for you? Can you hear? Not much. Not much. better okay great oh that's an answer. You good with water? You aren't good with water. Okay, got water here. Good. um so uh okay yeah good you know No, not really. When I was in college, my parents died in a car accident, so I went back home to take care of my little sister and sister graduated from high school. Went to college, went back to get my degree and started going to school. Why that? my parents were huge animal lovers I guess it went off on me and my sister my mom was I have an interesting story there's two ladies I don't know exactly but they were from those country but they've been in here quite some time they still have the sounds and they're just so funny And just so sweet. So caring. And so I'm there. It was really bad. It's a crowd. Mm-hmm. Horrible. people lost their all kinds of things uh-huh just very recently really oh very much uh-huh and they they had they lost their house oh my gosh they lost everything oh and um she's um I talked to her a week after. She has pictures and stuff and everything. And she works drugs. She's been right on it. She's married. two sons and a little baby, a grandson. Yeah. That are both in, just in, close to Dallas. Mm-hmm. And so they're doing really well. Awesome. And they, he's involved in school in Dallas. Mm-hmm. I just could hardly stand it because she's been a good friend. Just a good friend when my husband died and all of that kind of thing. And she would bring about little things and just sweet. Yeah, but the whole house, that's scary. Yeah. Gosh, and was it a fire? A flood? Oh, the tornado. Was it the tornado? Wow. Oh, that's horrible. Oh, goodness. But they got through it. They got through it without any harm to themselves. But they had nothing to do. Yeah. Oh gosh. their phone and we're like looking at here for a long time and then we decided where kind of where they are but if I could pronounce any of the I mean I can listen to her talk but she they and she just goes right on uh-huh it's amazing well i'm glad yeah i'm glad she's okay i'm glad her family's okay but how horrible that it took her house and everything inside it oh my gosh and you all have been friends for how many years now 5-10 years? How long have you known them? Probably 25 years. Wow! Gosh! Friends from friends. Uh huh. Yeah. tomorrow yes yes mm-hmm okay I remember if she said that and so I didn't know what to yes Lisa said that tomorrow Roz is coming and the Weaver is coming too so there's gonna be an overlap so they'll both be here they'll be a I don't know how much the overlap will be but both of them will be here at some point 29th? Well, today's the 25th, so when she comes in tomorrow will be the 26th. Okay. Yeah. And if you do think you want more fruit, let me know, okay? Okay. You are welcome. those protein bars are really making an impact huh if you're feeling full after the protein bar and a lunch that's good if i can just get the um the words out it's really hard i know what it is yeah but i can't get the words out yeah yeah take some time to find the words it just takes a little while yes and you're not kidding these chairs are very comfortable these chairs are very I can see why you enjoy being here. Since she was coming in today and you're coming in today. So everybody's just coming in to clean me up. We're just here to hang out with you. And make sure everything goes smoothly. I'm glad you're able to be outside. And yes, tomorrow the weaver can go get flowers with you. Oh, we are? Yeah, because didn't you want to get flowers today? And it rained, so you weren't able to pick some up. So yeah, if we let the weaver know that we can get flowers tomorrow, that would be so lovely. Thank you. normally go to to get a florist? Is there a florist you normally go to for your flowers? Is there a florist nearby? Oh, well, is it something special or is it just for the home? Yeah. Because it's a little harder to find the other flowers. But if you can get, like, if it's going to somebody specifically, you can find, when you're just right there, this is the place where, down by the dairy clinic, someplace right down there, right down close to my house. Okay. and it because of the season uh-huh it's full oh yeah so you can get them like that great yeah perfect okay good good to know and is it it's mother's day already no it's coming up i think it is i should know this goodness let me see i think it's in a couple of weeks maybe two weeks it is May 11th so today is the 25th one yep it's in three weeks little spank, little break in the middle. Yes. Yeah, you're still good. All clear, yeah. Yeah, all cleared for you. Is Lisa coming into town? Do you know? Is what? Is Lisa going to be here for Mother's Day? I don't know. Oh, she probably will be, yeah. there they were then they've done lastly mm-hmm they didn't they didn't go here and back and hearing back I came in early I think by about nine o'clock Oh last week okay everything wow everything they had uh-huh they can fit in the car They did all of the, and they shouldn't have, because the cleaning later took time. However, she could never. And her length of time. And also, they did all the outside windows. Oh, wow. Lisa and Rob did that? Wow. And then inside, which is the dogs. Uh-huh. And then everything on the outside. That's a lot of work. A lot of work. They just broke their neck. It was like amazing, all that. And then I think he went to get some lunch for somebody. But yeah, he was, they were just all over the place. Okay, well. Oh, that is so lovely of them. Yeah. They're good. Yeah. Sometimes I want to go. Stop. I don't want to take a shower. but they're doing it because they love you did lisa go to school in springfield as well oh yeah yeah no no i met lisa did she go to school in springfield oh no or did she go to school here she was when they were married they were married but she had already been out of school I see so she went to Springfield for her job when she went there uh huh I tried to kind of think our place about that time was like fun and um because we had and he and and his family are great people and they were always going on yeah here and um rob was getting his masters it sounds funny but it's being uh it's um here um school for um teeth oh dentistry yeah okay and they were they were married i think it was the week for them. I mean, the volunteers were there. And so they started off with their friends from school and stuff like that. And they're still that way. But it was a lot of them were, they're so good of friends. Yeah. You know, when people that age and really have been close together, it's a really good thing. And they're all so sweet. Oh, boy. Friends that they have. And they're very kind to just about everybody. And sometimes I get mad. But that's what I love about them. That's the female moment, exactly. But she they both are very gracious when when it gets something gets wrong. Yeah. They love they take off to go for their honeymoon one of them one of them one of the islands why not have somebody in and out of that and that has that many kids they've all gone away yeah their honeymoon everywhere but an island honeymoon sounds beautiful an island honeymoon yeah they're not very nice Yeah. Yeah. all year why can't we have this is a nice time for you know this year uh-huh in the time of the year and with this it's nice and this year you can you can it's always christmas everything in the world yep i didn't realize yeah i didn't realize it was going to be christmas as well it just drives me crazy and I love the nice stuff and what they do it's not nice but it's just nice yeah be a little creative I should go to Christmas. tree farm that's where the love is where are you where did you marry uh we got married here we got married in up in the city so my husband and i we live in south city so we are just um we're just we're right on the river but when we got married we got married at tower grove park yeah it's our favorite place yes yeah that's where we got married and yeah we got married yeah yeah it went it was beautiful it was wonderful yeah we we have been we had been dating for about five years before we got married so we knew each other really well at that point no surprises I'm definitely old enough yes no no old enough to have babies but no not not right now probably not yeah not yet exactly you want to wait you want to figure it out yeah be totally sure first be totally sure before you make any decisions yeah that's not hard It was hard for me because I was very young, right out of school, little school, and I was so big, and I just went on and did it. yeah yeah so Lisa was a herby baby uh-huh but she was young yeah it's just so funny yeah maybe 80. No, not 80. I was a kid too. Uh-huh. Yeah. If you were just out of school, yeah, you were a kid. And everybody that I was with we were all in Texas and everybody in my school 90% of them got married. Right out of school? Wow. Wow, okay. It was back in the day, yeah. And it was just different. Yeah. And a lot of the kids got moved on and got into everything, but not like now. Yeah. I think we almost had to leave. You know. Yeah. We were pushing. Yes. But it was just a time of the way. And a lot of them are, and never, they went to school. Or just to fall school. Uh-huh. Or one of the bigger schools, but they didn't, they went to where they could go. Right. And a lot of times there were more babies. Oh, man. You know. And all of those things apply to me. it just you never you never know does Lisa have siblings do you have other children or is it just Lisa just Lisa see having just a girl also makes it easier And she was, she was, like, the way they're here, in a certain way, because she wanted everything just right. And she would, when her grandkids would come over to visit, and she would do the same thing all the time. Oh. and she was did you hear something well I just thought that I might have heard one of those I think this is from some movies or something. Oh. No, those TVs aren't on. Oh, okay. So it's only this one. Oh. But she got married early and got married early. And got married early. Mm-hmm. and then change things around here. Yeah. Yeah, but we were very fortunate too. And I was perfectly happy with what happened. I wasn't scared enough. More than I was. I wasn't scared anymore. And I can remember, I don't know why I'm telling you all this, that when one um some lady and i don't know just because she was the same thing with young kids and she said i was saying that i didn't have something or other or wasn't going to do something i wasn't going to have another child or whatever something like that but then that lady she was always so funny and I really liked her because she made really good sense she said I love my girls and she said I want to play with them I want to just be everything to them but I don't want to I think yep I understand and and and there were some in the group that were uh thought we were crazy uh-huh and just go ahead and beg no thank you yeah no thank you and lisa has children too lisa has children too she did after she and Ron died. Okay. Not when they died. When they got married. Right, right, right. After they got married. Okay, yeah. And they had a boy and a girl. You know, two girls. Aww. And they wanted those. Uh-huh. And they're just sweet as they can be. and they enjoyed it and the family enjoyed each other and they didn't have you know wanted to come with them and stuff. There were some times, just like every other kid, there was one, it was like her first daughter, the oldest one, she's a nurse. nurse she's a nurse yeah wow and when she was we all left because when she was younger and she finally figured out something she wanted to do about that and he went on well I'm not sure how long this has gone on but she decided and she walked Shelby's portal because she liked to help and stuff she's sweet and sweet And, but they just got, she was finally got into what it is that she was and it's really heavy beauty. I don't know if that's the word, but she was so into it. Yeah. And she got through to me. Wow. Yeah. Wow. And she's good for her. Yeah. Good for her. That's awesome. And she's also out in Springfield, right? Is she out in Springfield as well? She's out in Springfield? Yes. Yes. Okay. Okay. She's in Springfield also. and she has another sister and she is thinking about getting back into the, I don't know exactly what. Oh, that's so lovely. big Just as much as water Swimming Wow She doesn't It's nothing for her just to take out on her own. If she can't find anybody to go with her. She'll be happy to do it alone. That's fun. Yeah, that's exciting. She sounds great. Yeah. We all have lots of fun. Let me take that plate from you. not be stuck with that plate you good with any so i'll take this plate oh yeah since you're done do you know are you good with fruit do you not want any more are you still hungry uh you know i am hungry okay but just we you have salmon in the fridge do you want some salmon or is it too much i think that's too much is it just something that's got a little meal on it. Okay. Something small. Okay, let me see what I can find, but you don't want salmon. No salmon? I have, you know, nothing else. I'll find something. I'll find something. um Thank you. okay um Thank you. Thank you. uh um Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right, I found some mashed potatoes and green beans. I know you said you didn't want salmon, but I put a little bit on in case you change your mind. Oh, my goodness. Thank you. If it's too much, don't worry about finishing it. If you want more, we can make that. Okay. Okay? All right, let me go check on your laundry. I'll be back. okay Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. you Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm going to uh Thank you. How are we doing on food? Is it? Okay, good. Yeah, it was what you had in the fridge. Good, good, good. Um, could I ask you where these towels go? Oh, where do they go? Um, you can just use the... I can just put them by the sink. It would be easier. Yeah? Okay. Okay, we'll do. I think that's what I All right, Jan, laundry's all done. Laundry's all done. Thank you. You are welcome. This is really good. Do you want a little bit more? We have a little bit more. Okay. Okay. I think I'm supposed to say, I mean, that neighbors, I mean, not the neighbors, but people who are going to come in and be clean. Uh-huh, the cleaners tomorrow? I know. Four, no, five. Well, I know they get about what time they get in, but I don't know. I wonder if I can give a question. I know Lisa Coleman. Lisa said she's going to call you at 9 tomorrow. Lisa said she's going to call you at 9 a.m. tomorrow. Oh good, okay. I've been sitting here going, okay, now I know she's coming, and I know about what time she's coming, but I don't really know if I really know that. Lisa will call you. Oh, okay. She'll call. good at doing that but I didn't remember I remember saying I don't know but that she was gonna get whatever done uh-huh and then after like by tonight I was like it's supposed to be somewhere else okay oh great okay you have nowhere to be tomorrow but the cleaners are coming at 9 a.m. Yeah, and that's what I'm waiting on. Not that I'm not waiting on them, but they wouldn't. Yes. And I don't want to drop them off. Yeah. Oh, good. Oh, I can have a good night's sleep. Good. Yeah. Yes, no big plans tomorrow. Yeah, but that's the best time. Yeah, and I think you're pretty good on how to get me in or whatever because she's very good about, like, doing something. and she she takes up a lot of the time to at a certain point or a certain date or whatever and then she she fills her stick the clock. And then that way yes I can get to church, I can get to this, I can get to that I forgot. Okay. Yes. You don't have to worry about that. Yeah. Yes. Yes. You're all set for a good night's sleep tonight. And whenever you feel like you're done, you just want to make sure you take your pill and the gummy. The pill that's on the desk, that's on the kitchen table. Yes. Okay. Just the pill and the gummy. I just want to make sure we get that. you normally take it around seven go around this time of day okay I think it doesn't matter yeah I know it's the one that the, mainly what built up my, all my messages. Uh-huh. The real good deal. I mean, that's what I'm right in there. and I found that description or whatever it was. And so, and I started, and that was all that I, thank you, but I mean, it just went on and on. It was so great, I was so thankful. - Good, oh, thank God. - That was my, oh, so, yeah. It was just, and I could, I could, that, that, and then, you know, I could, I could, I could, I could make that one move just really well. But it's too, I can't anymore because I've been, I've made two different things. Yeah. But still, they were, you know, they were self-made. Mm-hmm. in that oh this is a different movie All right, I'll take your plate. Thank you. You are welcome. I feel so terrible about doing this. Why? Well, for you to just sit here and just wait on me. I'm not waiting on you. I'm watching the movie, too. I'm watching the movie, too. Don't worry. It's Christmas again. That's what I saw. I'll bring you your pill and the gummy, okay? And we'll use the water. All right. All right, since we're on Friday, let's do water. Do you normally take the pill first or the gummy first? Is it too early? Is it too early? I don't know. Oh, no, we're right on time. Yeah, right on time. Okay. And I can put one in my hand at a time. One pill. That one you take with water. Ooh, careful. Did we drop the pill? Oh, there it is. Oh, great. Here we go. All right. There we go. Maybe this time I'll try putting it in the mouth first. The pill goes in the mouth first. Perfect. Wow. I think that went well. See why I can't do the art. I just know what to do. Uh-huh. It's like, oh, my gosh. Well, all right. That was the pill, and we just got the gummy. This one you just chew. yep I can do that that one's easy and this one should be yummy at least so that one you just chew and I guess I get you can drink it and everything yes yes yes yes yes yes I don't want to sit on the wrong stool no no no you are all good all right that's it Thank you. And we've been cousins around. Uh-huh. And we've been, like, we're just connected. And because my mom, my mother, is a mother of my niece, my daughter, My niece is the mother of the other person. way or other but my mother had a baby and so my grandmother was pregnant and she was ill. Her child. I can't get this to the eyes of the bed. But we were so close. Everything. And they were only three in races three of us back out there talking with and all knew the whole years of the when we would go there or when it was time for the grandparents and we'd take the kids uh-huh And then we come back home for our jobs. But the whole time we were there We just played We got to the point where we were Writing and doing all kinds of things. We had gotten up that far. And we have up and, well, she's three years older than I am now. And she'll be coming home. Not too long. Well, she's been hurt on her leg. She has to get that over with. We usually go at least once or twice a year. with the two of us. Yeah. And we just had more fun. Oh. And we're getting older and we're getting older. And she's not been feeling well. But she's seeming to get really well again. Okay, that's great. And she has little, little, with a child that has, by now, kind of a small, small child. And so they're always, they go down there often. And she just goes and does and loves doing it. that for two kids, it is like, it's just like, and they just get to go. Yeah. And so that's one of the ways that we did that, and we were always there. And then like I said, they got, everybody got older and we got where we would go down and either they would bring us up or vice versa. uh-huh and then to stay and we just we just have the best time and that's half of those who might rent that church uh have gotten acquainted with her wow they're just having the best time but oh i could say that she's had she's been having some problems here and things and stuff. But we just had, we had more fun and we could just laugh and laugh forever because my mother and my grandmother and it's all mixed up but they're all, all were just so excited. What is this? You know, but it is so funny. And we have three brothers. And the little one, when we started doing this, he was just so sweet and everything. And we didn't mind anything he did. and then he came to the second one and that was not too bad but the last one oh no was he the only boy is that why oh really oh two boys and you were still meeting him We just loved the youngest one. And we'd go over and we were always just that right at the bottom. And so we'd go over there and we'd go out and we'd do the tractor and stuff. Oh, fun. Yeah. Uh-huh. but it is my island gala is the name the two of us we just wore that and i was out there a couple weeks a couple of years ago and we were uh went out to do several things and we came back and stopped there and um So they, Gayla, who is my aunt, and they, we have to laugh at her because of what occurs in that. and and and and And we said, of course. And we, and that was a really fun style of hiding, just, and a little time ago, oh, yeah, we did that all the time. When you're out on the farm, that's fun, yeah. Right. And we had, and that particular time that we were there, it was just hysterical because she, I think they came by two or three times just walking around there because she was like, I can't see her eyes. It really, really did. Uh-huh. You know? and I was really good at it. Were you and your family growing up in Dallas? Yes. Oh, wow. Yeah. I was in Dallas. And we all were in Dallas. And then my grandfather and my grandmother and my children. And that group, they were partners. there and we just stayed for god um getting at people for the summer god and so my um mother and galen and i we were old enough uh at a certain point that we could um get this real yeah yeah make them listen oh my god we have been sharing this thing for so long and for so many people you've got it's just hysterical nobody would believe what you were up to yeah that's what being young was all about you have to have fun It was so crazy. And then we got, we went out several years before when there was a um I don't know. And Jayla. I mean, at that point, you know, she was like, actually, yes. All these people are awesome. You all were like, yes, I like you. And her mom was going It's impossible. You cannot do all of those stupid things. And we looked at her, and she looked at me, and she went, It happened. It happened. Yep. And then the youngest one was a boy. And we, because he was still, you know, very young and tall. And so we were really nice to him. Oh, but when we did the bigger one, we weren't so nice. Take it. It was tough. That was the only time that I remember having so many. Being in a funny situation like that, Because we were getting up and down. Uh-huh. And so I was like, yeah. And where are your brothers now? One of them is dead. Okay. Oh, well. and the other one is in Denver. Denver. Oh, Colorado. Yeah. Oh, wow. He got in a lot of trouble. And just, we worked, we worked, we worked. I think we've got it. Lisa and Rob go on several months every week. And he's been on the street for three, five months. Oh, that's great. And she manages all of his clients and everything. Wow. So it was a lot of issues. And she did not. And you get to go on and on and on and on. And then finally, got it? Where he is. And so he's doing really well now. That's great. It's really, really good. Thank you. um wow maybe not on a farm maybe he may shoot somebody oh my goodness is that what you did i was thinking of because somebody's just gonna knock you right off yeah i don't want to listen to it oh no not at all it is fun it is it's so wonderful here do you so what did your uh what did your dad and grandfather grow on the farm or did you raise cattle? My grandfather was a cotton farmer. Cotton, got it, got it, got it. And that's what he did until he died. And then we brought him down, I was his wife, and I stayed 14, something like that. OK. And we brought him back, our mother and dad brought him back to Dallas to see if they could help him or-- Yeah. and then a lot of the family came from Texas, from Texas and now Sierra got it. And so I have a lot of people in our house. And Sierra is a really wonderful man and really, really great guy. And I do as well. I have that much. you know and so it's an impressive building how many - i can see the cat no i'm running me I just wanted to read that. I'd be lying if I said I love you in press. Christmas Eve is starting on the last day of the year. We should be bringing up the kid in the year. And we need to have your art set. Wait, if you have a book. No, I don't have a book. Well, is this pretty? It's not that it's not very pretty. I just want you to say no. You will refuse a granola bar because it's not organic and you want the ice cream that's meant for children before lunch. Ice cream is for anyone at any time of year. Anything but vanilla. Thank you. Thank you. Is anything on here? That means thank you. The first time is when it's for. And it's all on there? Thank you. I was adopted by my parents. Tell me, what do you want to do with your giant plastic elephant? I want to... Really? Yeah. Wow. It was super simple to me, bro. But when I smile, I know that I'm happy to have it. It's one of those things that really does not work when it always belongs to you. It's still a Christmas magic. What? I don See? This is what all normal people eat in all our I've seen the commercials. Hmm. Do you like it in the household? I've not been far from there. I've heard of it in high school. Oh, do you tell? Super popular. Captain America or whatever. Seems definitely popular. What do you think? Oh yeah! That's the story you give off in my mind. No one's ever seen this. Ever. my own appreciation for the copy it's going to be right now me one Okay, I'm starting something. Something. Going to be good. Okay. Oh yeah, there it is. Were you in the middle of the thing to do with the circus company? No, I was figure skating and I took it very seriously. Aww. Yeah. Aww. So many years. that one wasn't me at all that was bill yeah there's one contribution to this entire thing yeah have you seen i have not yeah - Oh wow. Oh. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm sorry, I didn't miss anything. no good okay i'll be back in just a second and Thank you. Thank you. I'm back. That's what his father wants. But is that what he wants? I think if you look at the on the floor, and the you'll find that these images are being married to a psychologist who has the location of ourselves. You know, that little child that we sent this to in the It's your family's street, yeah? I'm sure they care. And it's a little group. It's a shop. Great, gentlemen. Thank you. Thank you. uh smart i did thank you for your help nope take them on good thanks uh will you be needing my service no no i think so okay well i guess i'll see you at tennessee christmas party yes okay okay oh um is hi hi no no no Well, thank you so much for having us. May I take your coat? Oh. Yes. Okay. Oh, no. That's okay. It's cold outside, and I don't want to cause you any trouble. Oh, it's no trouble at all. Sorry. It's getting a little warm in here. Oh, yes. It's easy. This is Dan I was telling you about. Oh, my. I know. He said it was kind of cold outside. It is dark space. I don't know what it means to have to do it all by myself. It's wonderful. It's fun. Let me introduce you to everyone. This is Carly. Hello. Hello. Hello. There's my son. Thank you. My friend Andy here is helping to fundraise this for the preservation society this community. I would consider it a personal favor that each and every one of you would join Zigi and I in attendance. I wonder why, unlike all the lights at the party, you are standing aside. What's up? um tiny pink problem it was really nice of uh said to invite all those people but um well the scholar cafe only holds 95 max and we're already at that limit so what 95 no more people - People have got new drinks and new clothes and whatever you need to remain most of your hour because that's what you do. It's nothing to you. This is a game. But it's not true at all. This is my life. This is my family. This is my history. So why don't you go home and try to fix this because that's what I do. That's who I am. The only person that I can trust to solve for me is me. And it's okay with that. Thank you. All right, Dan. I think we're almost. I realize it was... }